Reworked Mellanox Open MPI CI with Azure Pipelines (#7300)
open-mpi/ompi: .ci/README.md

# OpenMPI Continuous Integration (CI) Services
## Mellanox OpenMPI CI
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/mlnx-swx/mellanox-ompi-ci-project/_apis/build/status/mellanox-ompi-ci-pipeline?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/mlnx-swx/mellanox-ompi-ci-project/_build/latest?definitionId=6&branchName=master)
### Scope

> [Mellanox](https://www.mellanox.com/) OpenMPI CI is intended to verify OpenMPI with recent Mellanox SW components ([Mellanox OFED](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=26), [UCX](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=281&mtag=ucx) and other [HPC-X](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=189&mtag=hpc-x) components) in the Mellanox lab environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mellanox](https://www.mellanox.com/) Open MPI CI is intended to verify Open MPI with recent Mellanox SW components ([Mellanox OFED](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=26), [UCX](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=281&mtag=ucx) and other [HPC-X](https://www.mellanox.com/page/products_dyn?product_family=189&mtag=hpc-x) components) in the Mellanox lab environment.
```

Author: Fixed.

CI is managed by [Azure Pipelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/?view=azure-devops) service.

> Mellanox OpenMPI CI includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mellanox Open MPI CI includes:
```

Author: Fixed.

> * OpenMPI building with internal stable engineering versions of UCX and HCOLL. The building is run in Docker-based environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open MPI building with internal stable engineering versions of UCX and HCOLL. The building is run in Docker-based environment.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Sanity functional testing.
### How to Run CI

> Mellanox OpenMPI CI is triggered upon the following events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mellanox Open MPI CI is triggered upon the following events:
```

* Push a commit into the master branch. CI status and log files are available on the Azure DevOps server.
* Create a pull request (PR). CI status is visible in the PR status. CI is restarted automatically upon each new commit within the PR. CI status and log files are also available on the Azure DevOps server.
* Trigger CI with special PR comments (for example, `/azp run`). Comment triggers are available only if the comment author has write permission to the PR target repo. Detailed information about comment triggers is available in the official Azure DevOps [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/repos/github?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#comment-triggers).
### Support

> In case of any issues, questions or suggestions please contact to [Mellanox OpenMPI CI support team](mailto:artemry@mellanox.com;andreyma@mellanox.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any issues, questions or suggestions please contact to [Mellanox Open MPI CI support team](mailto:artemry@mellanox.com;andreyma@mellanox.com).
```

Author: Fixed.
